Authentication is done with the help of better auth library.

keypoints:
email is unique in the schema generated by the better auth library so checking the user exists is done by email.

NOTE:
single user can have multiple signups but same accounts (by credential/github/google)


FOR Local development setup:
- Common steps (for local development):
- Change the auth-client.ts baseURL to => baseURL: "http://localhost:3000" 
- Change the URI.ts to => export const URI = 'http://localhost:3000'

- Manual Setup:
- Clone the repo, install the dependencies.
- Run ./setup.sh to get the env variables. (If it shows error then try running chmod +x setup.sh. This makes the script exectutable. Now try running ./setup.sh again.)
- Go to some postgres db provider like neondb and copy paste the connection url to DATABASE_URL
- initiallize the prisma and migrate the schema to the database by running npx prisma migrate dev/deploy.
- run npm run dev.
The project should be up and running.

- Docker Setup:
Note: Make sure to have docker installed on your local pc and docker engine should be up and running.
- Clone the repo.
- Run ./setup.sh to get the env variables. (If it shows error then try running chmod +x setup.sh. This makes the script exectutable. Now try running ./setup.sh again.)
- run docker compose up --build (for first time and whenever there is change in the code.), otherwise dont use --build tag.
NOTE: Remove the npx prisma deploy part from the build script once the image is created.
The project should be up and running.

Probable Future Enhancements:
Deployment on aws ec2.
Doesnt work on mobile virtual keyboards. So maybe change the event handling completely.
if buying domain then correct the google and github callback urls.

and maybe the code: authclient.ts and .env url  and uri.ts as well.

